This year our tech conference was bigger, bolder, and better.
TechCon was a bespoke hybrid event in downtown Toronto,
live-streamed to TD colleagues all over the world,
and power-packed with demo booths.
Attendees learned, developed, networked, and had a lot of fun.
TechCon 2024 kickstarted with group president and CEO of TD Bank Group Barrett Misrani,
followed by engaging panels of inspiring speakers including Greg Keighley, Scott Guthrie,
a women in technology panel led by Lisenya Rojas, Sam Sebastian, John Rose,
a celebration of our innovative tech jam winners Jeffrey Solomon,
and six-time MLB All-Star and Blue Jays legend Jose Batista.
Tech at Alphanage at TD.
TechCon 2024.
A big thank you to our speakers and sponsors.